hello everyone and welcome back to
liquid evil gaining so today is finally
my review of the messy one full-sized
half mechanical mechanical feel keyboard
I know that's kind of a mouthful but
what does mechanical feel keyboard
pretty much is is there's like a plastic
plunger slider over each rubber dome key
and it is a rubber dome but the point of
the plunger switch / plastic is it more
simulates a closer feel to a mechanical
keyboard without the expense of a
mechanical keyboard now if you're
somebody that's always had your eye on a
mechanical keyboard but you can't really
afford or can't budget the price or
maybe you just don't want to jump into
one yet because you're really not sure
and you don't want to spend the big
price tag associated with a halfway
decent mechanical keyboard that's kind
of where these kinds of keyboards come
in now this one has a unique or a few
unique features actually they're kind of
cool over some of the other boards in
the market first of all you see the
lighting effect in the background here
it's got that kind of I guess you could
call RGB lighting where it switches in
between the colors in a breathing effect
mode or you can pause on any color that
you want and just keep it that color if
you'd rather do that something else I
found very unique about this board is it
actually has cherry MX compatible stems
now you may ask well it's not a full
mechanical keyboard so why do I care
about something like that well because
of some of the odd size of the key caps
obviously not going to go replacing all
the key caps on the whole board but you
still can do some cool things with it
for example let's say that you wanted to
replace your arrow keys well since this
is a backlit keyboard you could take
those keys off and if you wanted to
spice up the board a bit without
spending a lot of money you know few
bucks really you could get yourself some
transparent Jimmy cherry MX key caps and
toss those on there instead
and now you've got transparent light up
arrow keys and really that's only going
to cost you a few bucks for a few key
caps like that you could do that say for
your WASD keys or just for your arrow
keys you know are a few keys that you
want to kind of stand out to you you
know and the backlighting will go right
through them you nor the flickering
that's just the camera but it kind of
has like a cool little customizability
to it that isn't available in a lot of
keyboards that aren't full mechanical so
that's a nice little ad it's unfortunate
that these bottom keys are more standard
size because then you could really you
know customize a little bit further but
it is nice that you can do that with a
few of these key caps should you decide
to you can even put on like a red Escape
key or something like that if you just
want to toss a custom you know key cap
or two on there it gives you a few
options to play with now most
importantly what does this feel like to
type on well as I said this is indeed a
half mechanical keyboard so it is still
technically a rubber dome but it does
have these little plastic plungers that
it's kind of like a plastic slider over
a rubber dome some of you folks may
remember these when they first started
transitioning into rubber domes some
keyboards had these sliders over rubber
domes before they went to just straight
out rubber domes because they still kind
of had a semi mechanical feel without
being fully mechanical well these are
kind of coming back because you're a
more economical way to simulate that
feeling without costing a fortune this
one in particular has a great build
quality to it now if you turn this thing
around this is all metal and again up
here somewhat metal so this thing is not
going to break short of you getting a
mmm fighter MMA fighter in here and
breaking it over their knee this thing
is going to last quite a while now also
something else that I don't think
anybody else is covered with this
particular keyboard when I think is kind
of important is what is the actuation
force like on
board like this well let's find out now
this if you haven't seen is a
measurement called the rip o meter and I
give credit to riffs or 55 for this
because he's well who I learned it from
and he is the head mod of the mechanical
keyboard subreddit on reddit and each
nickel is approximately 5 grams so it's
a quick easy way to measure actuation
force of keys on the keyboard so if we
put 10 of these that will simulate 50
grams of force 50 grams of force would
be right about where you would be for a
cherry MX blue key and there you go it
drops and it actuates so these are about
50 to 55 as some of the keys where a
little stiffer than others actuation for
us which would put you a little higher
than cherry MX blue on some of them or
right about at that same level so it's
not incredibly stiff and the plunger
little switch here inside of each one of
these pushes down the membrane on the
board a little sooner than a normal
membrane would so you don't actually
have to bottom out the key to get
actuations you get a little bit quicker
and faster responses like you would on a
mechanical keyboard compared to just a
plain membrane keyboard so that is
something kind of nice to keep in mind
also of course for those of you that
want the numpad you've got that full
numpad right on the right here so for
any of you gamers out there that like to
have that it is right there and of
course I've shown you the lighting
effects on this again it will go on
breathe mode or you can stop turn it off
if you find a color that you like you
can stop it there you can adjust the
brightness up and down if you want a
little lighter brighter it has full
media keys up on the top it has volume
up and down it's got you know the email
access button windows lock key button
quick access to calculator it still has
the Internet Explorer icon in there I
think that's kind of funny but other
than that I mean it's a fairly well
built
board that is not going to break on you
anytime soon and it's one that's not
going to break your wallet I've seen
this for thirty five to forty dollars on
amazon and it really reminds me of if
any of you had any of those old scitech
keyboards back in the day which was
arguably one of the better rubber dome
keyboards out there it really reminds me
of that something that feels like it's
going to last a while without having to
spend the money of a good mechanical
mechanical keyboard and I mean and I do
have several really high-end mechanical
keyboards so it's not like I agree to do
this review just to get a free product I
mean I've got you know one poker you
know to pokers I've got you know colds
and everything else so it's not like I'm
hurting for keyboards I did this review
because for somebody that can't afford
to spend a hundred hundred and fifty two
hundred dollars on a high tier
mechanical keyboard this is kind of the
half-way meeting point where you can get
something that somewhat feels and types
somewhat like a mechanical keyboard
without having to pay that really high
price tag of a good mechanical keyboard
it's kind of a happy medium and you
still get that back lighting and the
shine through your key caps on it as
well and because of that MX stem
compatibility you can have a little bit
of fun without without spending a lot of
money was a couple of transparent caps
or custom Escape key without spending a
lot so it does kind of give you that
customizability option there I have been
using this for the last couple days own
enough and I've been I'd say within five
words per minute of my typing speed
speed on even my most expensive
mechanical keyboard so my performance
the typing has not been that diminished
it's been very very close to the same
and I tried gaming with it and actually
it it really felt fine I didn't notice
any major lack of performance to my
higher tier keyboards now do I prefer my
higher to your keyboard yeah I do but at
the same time for the price it's really
it's a good piece of tech I don't have a
lot of complaints here the only things I
really would change if given the
opportunity would be to change the
key caps to standard down below and make
the backspace a standard size key cap
and you know maybe offer it in a Nancy
entry key instead of an ISO but some
people really like the ISO so that's a
personal preference thing to me but
other than that for a thirty-five to
forty dollar range keyboard it's really
it's good I mean what else you're going
to buy in this price range you're going
to get a really cheap mushy feeling
rubber dome from Logitech or you're
going to get a cheap mushy feeling
keyboard from Rose will you know there's
not a lot in that price range you can
get that feels well built like this and
isn't going to break anytime soon and
has the backlight to it in addition to
that and even a high quality braided
cable that's really all kind of a rarity
at this price point so I think they did
what they were shooting out to
accomplish into giving somebody an
option that feels you know fairly close
to a mechanical keyboard without that
really high-end price tag that a lot of
people just can't afford as a lot of
these YouTube channels out there simply
cover the higher cost high tier stuff
the lot of people just can't budge it
for right now a lot of people are very
genuinely curious about cheaper and more
affordable peripherals like this and you
know I wanted to bring this to you for
that reason because a lot of people do
look at stuff like that some of my most
popular you know reviews from mice even
have been my sitta been under twenty
dollars you know these are the kind of
prices that an average person is looking
to spend the average person is not going
to spend $150 in a keyboard so this is
going to be something very interesting
to them around that price point as
opposed to going into walmart and
getting some ungodly thing that feels
like utter crap and it's going to break
two months down the line you might also
look for something like this in that
price range so would i recommend it at
this price range yeah i mean if i
couldn't afford to spend what I do on
some of the higher-end gear that I have
I would definitely pick one of these up
around that price range and you know
this one I'm actually probably going to
give to a friend of
and who cannot afford a you know hundred
hundred fifty dollar keyboard as he
tested it and he really liked it I was
almost going to give it away in a give
way to you know the viewers of the
channel but because of the size of it in
the box the postage would be quite a bit
to ship it out so do you have any
questions about the board at all you
know any questions more about what a
half mechanical is or how it feels
compared to some of the other boards I
have any comments of your own and the
board have you used one what do you
think about it this board is available
on Amazon currently and this video was
sponsored in part by ATC supply co as
the board was provided to me free of
charge to review however I was allowed
to speak my own opinions my own thoughts
of it I did not have to say anything
specific about the product in question
they gave me complete free rein so you
bear that in mind but I wanted to get
that disclaimer out of the way so that
you knew that but yeah any other
questions about the board ask in the
comments section down below I'd be happy
to answer one and all questions that I
get about it i'll put a link in the
comments if you're interesting and
purchasing one on amazon i don't get any
kick back for it i'm just putting the
link there for your personal convenience
should you consider buying one in the
future as always thanks for watching be
sure to LIKE comment rate and subscribe
have a good one everyone